Description:By bringing together people that use their passion for purposeful innovation, at Lockheed Martin we keep people safe and solve the world's most complex challenges. Our people are some of the greatest minds in the industry and truly make Lockheed Martin a great place to work. With our employees as our priority, we provide diverse career opportunities designed to propel development and boost agility. Our flexible schedules, competitive pay, and comprehensive benefits enable our employees to live a healthy, fulfilling life at and outside of work. At Lockheed Martin, we place an emphasis on empowering our employees by fostering innovation, integrity, and exemplifying the epitome of corporate responsibility. Your Mission is Ours.Lockheed Martin Space is seeking a Summer 2026 Software Engineer Intern. In this role, you will focusing on software design and development and testing. The successful candidate will have experience and/or knowledge in at least one of these skill areas: C, C++, python, Reverse Engineering, Operating Systems, Software Design, Software Development and Implementation, Software Test. Must be a US Citizen; this position will require a government security clearance.Basic Qualifications:- Experience in software languages such as: C, C++, and/or python.- Experience with Linux operating system or similar OS requiring use of a command line shell.- Enrolled in a degree program majoring in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering, or related discipline.€- Applicants selected will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information, including US Citizenship.Desired Skills:- Advanced knowledge in software languages such as C, C++, python€- Experience in reverse engineering in various architectures (i.e. x86, ARM)- Knowledge in Operating Systems and/or Operating System internals- Knowledge in System Design, Software Design, Software Development and Implementation, Software Test or Cyber Security